Added guild information onto the engineering website (#422)
UKHomeOffice/engineering-guidance-and-standards: docs/about.md

The Home Office Engineering Guidance and Standards site is a body of knowledge for software engineers. It is comprised of principles, patterns and standards that define how we do engineering at the Home Office, and that direct how we want to do engineering in the future. This guidance is created and curated by the Home Office engineering community. The project as a whole is led by the Home Office DDaT Engineering Profession team.

## How we are doing it

> Bi weekly the various guilds meet to discuss topics relating to their areas and help to contribute towards the guidance, standards and principles on this site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guilds meet regularly to discuss topics relating to their areas and contribute towards the guidance, standards and principles.
```

Tweaked wording slightly as not all guilds have the same meeting cadence.

> The best place to start learning more about the guilds, when they meet and how to join, the best place to start is the Slack.

Reviewer 2: "is the Slack" that sounds abit weird to me sorry maybe just "is Slack" ?

Author: I think I was going to say Home Office Slack, but then thought, I'm not sure if it's wider than the Home Office. I'll update.

> The best place to start learning more about the guilds, when they meet and how to join, the best place to start is Home Office Slack.
> 
> On Slack you'll find more information for each guild in their respective channels along with more information on when they meet, and who to contact to join.
> 
> ### Guild information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Guild information
On Home Office Slack you'll find more information for each guild in their respective channels along with when they meet, and who to contact to join.
```

I think we can probably expand this section on here to include at least a one-liner for each guild.

Author: I've added a sentence under each one and made each guild a heading. Hopefully that's a little more info for each!

The Home Office Engineering Guidance and Standards site is a body of knowledge for software engineers. It is comprised of principles, patterns and standards that define how we do engineering at the Home Office, and that direct how we want to do engineering in the future. This guidance is created and curated by the Home Office engineering community. The project as a whole is led by the Home Office DDaT Engineering Profession team.

## How we are doing it

The guilds meet regularly to discuss topics relating to their areas and contribute towards the guidance, standards and principles.

### Guild information
On Home Office Slack you'll find more information for each guild in their respective channels along with when they meet, and who to contact to join.

Build, release and deployment guild
: Topics related to the release and deployment pipeline including CI/CD, Feature Toggling and Artefact Management.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-build-release-deployment](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DR9CU4SC)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-build-release-deployment](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DR9CU4SC)
  
  [Pages tagged with build, release and deploy](/tags/build-release-and-deploy/)
```

Low Code
: A space for to discuss low-code engineering guidance and standards.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-low-code](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05MK8UM2F7)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-low-code](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05MK8UM2F7)
  
  [Pages tagged with low code](/tags/low-code/)
```

Observability
: Topics relating to the ongoing monitoring of applications and services, including Logging, Analytics and Performance.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-observability](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02BJSXJ0QK)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-observability](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02BJSXJ0QK)
  
  [Pages tagged with observability](/tags/observability/)
```

Security
: Articles in this section relate to subjects such as Secure Development, Identity & Access and Vulnerability Scanning.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-security](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C0282A158FM)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-security](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C0282A158FM)
  
  [Pages tagged with security](/tags/security/)]
```

Software Design
: Items to be covered to include Frameworks, Languages, Quality and Coding Standards.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-software-design](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02AHL4ML7P)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-software-design](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02AHL4ML7P)
  
  [Pages tagged with software design](/tags/software-design/)
```

Source Management
: Items to be covered to include Open Source, Licensing and Source Code Management.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-source-management](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DE9B8M25)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-source-management](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DE9B8M25)
  
  [Pages tagged with source management](/tags/source-management/)
```

Ways of Working
: Items to be covered to include Documentation, Tooling and Defining Stories.

>   **Slack**: [#segas-ways-of-working](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02CLUJ01QX)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [**Slack**: #segas-ways-of-working](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02CLUJ01QX)
  
  [Pages tagged with ways of working](/tags/ways-of-working/)
```

The Home Office Engineering Guidance and Standards site is a body of knowledge for software engineers. It is comprised of principles, patterns and standards that define how we do engineering at the Home Office, and that direct how we want to do engineering in the future. This guidance is created and curated by the Home Office engineering community. The project as a whole is led by the Home Office DDaT Engineering Profession team.

> ## How we are doing it

Reviewer 4: I think this section needs to be combined with the 'How we are managing the site' section further down the page. There is a lot of overlapping information.

Reviewer 4: I would suggest that the easiest way to address this comment, and my other one below regarding introducing guilds, would be to move this section to after the 'why we are doing it' section. As long as that doesn't push the useful guild information too far down the page

Author: Yeah, I think that's why I did it. Maybe I'll review the page as a whole and move things around/change things.

Author: I've moved some stuff around. I've left the info about how we manage the site as that feels different to me. @edhamiltonHO

> The guilds meet regularly to discuss topics relating to their areas and contribute towards the guidance, standards and principles.

Reviewer 4: Would be good to introduce what we mean by guilds before this point, it is covered a little bit in the 'why we are doing it' section

### Guild information
On Home Office Slack you'll find more information for each guild in their respective channels along with when they meet, and who to contact to join.

> #### Build, release and deployment guild
> 
> Topics related to the release and deployment pipeline including CI/CD, Feature Toggling and Artefact Management.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-build-release-deployment](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DR9CU4SC)
> 
> #### Low Code
> 
> A space for to discuss low-code engineering guidance and standards.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-low-code](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05MK8UM2F7)
> 
> #### Observability
> 
> Topics relating to the ongoing monitoring of applications and services, including Logging, Analytics and Performance.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-observability](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02BJSXJ0QK)
> 
> #### Security
> 
> Articles in this section relate to subjects such as Secure Development, Identity & Access and Vulnerability Scanning.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-security](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C0282A158FM)
> 
> #### Software Design
> 
> Items to be covered to include Frameworks, Languages, Quality and Coding Standards.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-software-design](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02AHL4ML7P)
> 
> #### Source Management
> 
> Items to be covered to include Open Source, Licensing and Source Code Management.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-source-management](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DE9B8M25)
> 
> #### Ways of Working
> 
> Items to be covered to include Documentation, Tooling and Defining Stories.
> 
> **Slack**: [#segas-ways-of-working](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02CLUJ01QX)
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Build, release and deployment guild
: Topics related to the release and deployment pipeline including CI/CD, Feature Toggling and Artefact Management.

  **Slack**: [#segas-build-release-deployment](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DR9CU4SC)

Low Code
: A space for to discuss low-code engineering guidance and standards.

  **Slack**: [#segas-low-code](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C05MK8UM2F7)

Observability
: Topics relating to the ongoing monitoring of applications and services, including Logging, Analytics and Performance.

  **Slack**: [#segas-observability](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02BJSXJ0QK)

Security
: Articles in this section relate to subjects such as Secure Development, Identity & Access and Vulnerability Scanning.

  **Slack**: [#segas-security](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C0282A158FM)

Software Design
: Items to be covered to include Frameworks, Languages, Quality and Coding Standards.

  **Slack**: [#segas-software-design](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02AHL4ML7P)

Source Management
: Items to be covered to include Open Source, Licensing and Source Code Management.

  **Slack**: [#segas-source-management](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02DE9B8M25)

Ways of Working
: Items to be covered to include Documentation, Tooling and Defining Stories.

  **Slack**: [#segas-ways-of-working](https://homeoffice.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C02CLUJ01QX)

```

I think this reads better as a summary list.

<img src="https://github.com/UKHomeOffice/engineering-guidance-and-standards/assets/87995501/f4eaf64f-def9-424a-882d-58a30bb21ab5" width="300px"/>
<img src="https://github.com/UKHomeOffice/engineering-guidance-and-standards/assets/87995501/d99d577b-7a39-4162-b7ac-7a7669a5e7e8" width="300px"/>
